hello youtube friends how are you
name is sergio and today we are going to
review how to download and install skype
for windows a simple application that
will allow us to make video calls and
Chat for free
well the installation is really
simple and the first step is to download
skype for that let's go to the web free
what dotcom apps or do you have the link in
the video information I have here
the link on the right side you have a
search program if you want
download some other application we are going to
go to the end let's go to the
end until you find the little cloud here
tell us about downloading skype for
desk for windows windows i
I have windows 8 but I'm going to lower the
desktop version is also the
version of windows 8 that works with the
interface for devices that have
touch screens I prefer the version
of desktop since I always work in
the desktop and I almost never use the
windows 8 applications we click
there and will start the download
automatically I will keep it in
the desk
is to save it in another location so
we have the first step ready, we are going to
go to the second part which is to install
skype on our computer I had it
downloaded to the desktop so I'm going to
double click will ask me for the
administrator permissions so there are
that give you the permissions there's no problem
Select your language Spanish not
wants to execute skype when starting the
very careful team here you have to
uncheck this option we accept
next install click to call with
Skype of this application is useful but I
I do not want to give it to continue
I want to use bing and messenger myself
I use google and ready and will start
install will take a few
I 'll accelerate it for seconds
make you wait no problem and already what
we have installed the skype now we are going to
log in to verify that everything
be well remember that you can use
a hotmail account so there's no
problem in which you find anyone
of your friends since everyone has
a hotmail account you can also
do with an account
outlook or a microsoft account
I love your username and password and
we give you to login here take a
couple of seconds while they load
our preferences
I had already installed Skype before so
that will load all my contacts if
everything uses this month yesterday once
possibly all of them appear here
contacts that you had in your messenger yes
so let's give it to recent well
it seems that everything is fine now we are going to
check a trick and it's how to close
session correctly on skype look for
close session gives you search close session
and apparently we are ready and we are going
to click here on the X but
we go back to the desk and there he continues
sing we close it we go back to the desk
and it's still there the skype does not leave we're going like this
that right click leave skype tells us
if he does leave and ready with it we go
to return to the desk and now yes
now if the blessed does not appear
skype and well I hope this tutorial
I have served you
do not forget to visit us in geek that
dotcom subscribe to our channel and
follow me in it
geek apps we have some other videos
that is likely that you may like it
it deals with android windows apps and
web greetings and luck
you